

# Locations

<table><thead><tr><th>Name</th><th width="471.35546875">Backstory</th><th width="417.36328125">Aftermath</th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td><strong>Abandoned Military Complex</strong></td><td>The classified military complex was hastily constructed in response to the emergence of the mutation phenomenon. Initially established deep within a sparsely populated woodland farm region its main objective was to exploit the mutation, carrying out a series of covert experiments on mutated creatures with the aim to control and harness their abilities. The main goal of the experimentation was to greatly increase the overall firepower and regional influence of the weakening military branch.<br>The complex achieved limited success in these tests, creating a breed of super mutants exhibiting increased strength and aggressive traits. This proved rather promising emboldening the military to greatly increase their experimentation. The operation remained highly classified, with the details known only to those working within the complex.<br>Unfortunately, containment of these super mutants failed. They escaped into the woodland area surrounding the complex, which due to its previously untouched state, provided a conducive environment for the mutation to proliferate extensively and near destroy the complex in the process.</td><td></td></tr><tr><td><strong>Bloodfrost Forest</strong></td><td>The Bloodfrost Forest, positioned high within the mountain range and primarily secluded by dense forestry and snow, has undergone significant transformation after the mutations started to spread. The site, primarily characterised by rusting locomotives, became a crucial transport corridor for materials between scattered settlements.<br>An incident involving a train transporting alien components, salvaged from the impact, has led to an unprecedented crisis. The train experienced a mechanical failure and broke down, releasing a surge of corruption from the alien materials.<br>This corruption has significantly altered the local environment, with clear signs of infection visible in the surrounding flora. Moreover, the introduction of new, dangerous mutants has rendered the railway tracks and the area too hazardous for safe transit. This development has effectively cut off supply lines, causing severe hardships for dependent settlements.</td><td>Despite the existing threats, Bloodfrost Forest still houses the valuable materials that were transported pre-incident. This presents a risky yet potential opportunity for those daring enough to venture into the contaminated zone.<br>Due to the belief that whatever was in the payload might hold keys into defeating the mutation, large swats of mercenaries often try to penetrate the woods albeit with very limited success.</td></tr><tr><td><strong>Stoneport</strong></td><td>The founders of Stoneport formed the first Republic. The Republic began as a group of engineers and scientists that were able to start and operate the first Engine after deciphering the symbolic language inscribed on the machine. There is a strong belief that this was made specifically for them to be able to understand it, and a variety of religions, cults, and beliefs have sprouted up about its origin. The Republic managed to keep the peace within Stoneport and is now home to several factions, with rumors of more fragmented groups potentially seeking out Stoneport as a second home and place to recruit to their specific causes. The people that make up The Council has shifted over time, though a few maintain power in the background through their wealth and influence. They have a variety of views and interests, but they agree on two things: eliminating the threat of the alien invaders from the Earth, and finding more survivors to maintain their safety in numbers and ability to keep The Engine running.</td><td></td></tr><tr><td><strong>The Facility</strong></td><td>Part of The Initiative program by The Council, The Facility was an institutional bet on bringing together scientists to revive cryogenically frozen soldiers from a failed military experiment. These genetically manipulated soldiers were carted in by the thousands via transport and stored in a secret scientific community outfitted above The Engine, where they would be close to a source of power. With the latest scientific equipment and scientists sworn to secrecy, The Facility would operate mostly unsuccessfully until recently when it went completely silent… Only a few short broadcasts were emitted and those largely went ignored. However, their position above The Engine. The very life’s blood of Stoneport, warranted an investigation. Because The Facility and its operations were supposed to be a secret, only Raggie Mei, a mercenary outsider, would be employed by The Council to find out what happened.</td><td>Within the facility, the player is awakened, one of the first in a series of successes for the now deceased scientists who were obliterated by a pack of digger dogs. Fortunately for the player, The Facility automated these processes and these modified soldiers are slowly being woken up over a long period of time thanks to the power of The Engine and the work of those scientists.</td></tr></tbody></table>
